# ConfigCopier v1.0
by Zachary Kniebel



## Description


ConfigCopier is a simple console application for recursively copying a 
.NET website's configuration files. It maintains the folder structure 
in which the config files are stored, so the backups can be simply 
merged into a new instance of the same project. 


## Features


- Ability to specify output directory, source directory, or neither
- Duplicates folder structure in which config files are currently 
  stored
- Will also copy disabled config files (e.g. "xxxxx.config.example" or 
  "xxxxx.config.disabled")



## Execution


### Default Settings:

- The location of executable will be used as source directory to search 
  for and copy config files from
- The output directory will be generated inside the source directory, 
  with the name:
  > "[source directory name]_configs"

  Note: The output directory will be uniquely named, i.e. no 
  directories will be overwritten

  
### Double-Click Execution:

Running the executable via double-click, i.e. not from the command 
prompt, will run ConfigCopier with the default settings.


### Command Line Execution:

The following are the valid syntaxes for calling ConfigCopier from the 
command prompt:

  > ConfigCopier
  
  > ConfigCopier.exe       
  
  > ConfigCopier [output directory path] 
   
  > ConfigCopier.exe [output directory path]  
  
  > ConfigCopier [output directory path] [source directory path] 
  
  > ConfigCopier.exe [output directory path] [source directory path]
  
  Note: If an output path is specified and a directory at that 
  location already exists, it will be overwritten. This only occurs if
  an output path was EXPLICITELY SPECIFIED

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

This software is protected under the MIT license, below, and under the 
Open Source GPL v3.0 license (http://opensource.org/licenses/GPL-3.0).


Copyright (C) 2013 Zachary Kniebel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitationthe rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
